-- Flashing Roborio
1. Connect Roborio with usb type A to Type B
2. Open RoboRio_Imaging_Tool
3. Select RoboRio in list
4. Click Format Target
5. Choose Image From list underneath
6. Click Format
7. Make sure the operation is not cancelled or interupted 
		BECAUSE there is a possibility of bricking the RoboRio
8. Write down the IP Address that is given after operation is complete


Oracle Login
Email: roxbotix@gmail.com
Pass: Frc-4361

-- Installing Java
1. Open java-installer.jar
2. Follow instructions
3. If asked to download jre use the Oracle Login Above


-- Flashing Radio
1. Open the FRC Radio Configuration Tool
3. Connect Ethernet into 802.3af POE port and into the computer
4. Click Load Firmware
5. Be very careful when doing this as the a disconnection will harm the radio
6. When done it is beneficial to configure directly afterwards

-- Configuring Radio
1. Connect from the 12V/2A port on the VRM to the Radio Power Cable
2. Connect Ethernet into 802.3af POE and Computer
3. Open the FRC Radio Configuration Tool
4. Put the Team number 4361 into the team number text box
5. Click Configure
6. Follow any instructions given


-- Opening RoboRio Webpage
1. Open Internet Explorer (Yes its horrible, do it anyway)
2. Enter http://IP/ 
3. But replace IP with the IP address given at the end of the RoboRIo Flashing

-- Talon Setup
1.In the RoboRio webpage you will see the devices that the computer recognizes.
2.All the talons should show up, if they don't go to the "Talon Over Enumeration".
3. You can enumerate talons in the box with the number
4. Also to find out which talon is which you can hit the flash LED button then hit save.
5. After this you should be done eneumerating 
6. If at least one talon shows up, but not all thi means a few things
	a. the talons may all be set to 0 (if so go to Talon Over Enumeration)
	b. there is a break in the can bus, this means you have to check the can wires, and connections(if so go to CAN Bus break)
	c. hardware is damaged (if so go to )

-- Talon Errors
	-- CAN Bus break
	1. Check all connecters
	2. Check spot on RoboRio and PDP where CAN bus is connected
	3. You can use a multimeter to check connections,
		a. use the resistance setting to see if the resistance is infinite(this means that there is a break in a connection)
		b. use the resistance setting to see if the resistance is 0 (this means that the wire is connected)
		
	-- Talon Over Enumeration
	2. Change one of the talon's numbers to a different number, then save
	3. Hit the reset button
	4. The webpage will relaunch
	5. You should see one more talon than before
	6. Repeat steps 2-5 until all your talons show up.
	7. After, you can enumerate your talons as you please.
	
	--Hardware Damage
	1. Check ALL WIRE CONNECTIONS, specificaly power connections(becasue it could be an issue where the way the wires are set up, that damages the component).
	2. This should be done after all the previous steps to ensure that you know that the hardware is indeed damaged.
	3. Swap out the possible broken component with another WORKING or new component.
	
	
	Last updated 4:43 PM 2/18/2017
	By Adam and Conor 
	
	
	
	
	